Update telemetry.mdx RPC Metrics (#19593)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/telemetry.mdx

** Requirements: **
* Consul 1.12.0+

> Label based RPC metrics were added in Consul 1.12.0 as a Beta feature to better understand the workload on a Consul server and, where that workload is coming from. The following metric(s) provide that insight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following label-based RPC metrics provide insight about the workload on a Consul server and the source of the workload.
```
The Consul version is already listed as a requirement for the metrics

> All RPC metric method calls are by default blocked via the [`prefix_filter`](/consul/docs/agent/config/config-files#telemetry-prefix_filter) telemetry configuration setting. You can enable all RPC metric server
> calls and/or explicity deny RPC calls using the same configuration setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`prefix_filter`](/consul/docs/agent/config/config-files#telemetry-prefix_filter) telemetry configuration setting blocks or enables all RPC metric method calls. Specify the RPC metrics you want to allow in the `prefix_filter`:
```
To be consistent with our content types guidance, we should really put this in the agent configuration reference and to it from here.
